yeah hey hey I'm coming to you because I
was just thinking about how this morning
I woke up with extreme great digestion
an ultra flat tummy and I want to tell
you about this little colon cleansing
smoothie that I was partaking in
yesterday I almost accidentally because
I've had a lot going on in my life the
last few days and I'm I basically was
just drinking and having what I had in
the house so I'm what it was was global
the global group I'm purple great seated
with kale and she has said smoothie and
then later on in the day I had the great
the same grapes she is and dandelion
greens yo it was a purging of the whole
colon track and I don't mean in like a
upset stomach type of way I just mean
like clean digestion just moving
everything through so I did that for a
whole day and then last night I had a
little bit of a plain banana and warm
water like a warm banana milk before bed
you know just to soothe your nerves and
and calm your senses you know so I
wanted to tell you that so if you're a
type of person that becomes bloated and
bogged down even by like raw food maybe
like you eat a lot of very strange
combinations so your body doesn't know
how to digest all these high fiber foods
yet which I used to have problems with
and if you do check out my food
combining made easy videos because food
combining is something you really might
want to practice if you have a hard time
with more of a sluggish guts and
digestive tract at first but I didn't
want to tell you that also another thing
about
if you're a person that gets headaches
by certain types of fruit like them or
our blood sugar erratic jumping around
consider making sure that the fruit you
eat has seeds like make sure the fruit
you have like I don't eat seedless
watermelon I don't eat seedless grapes
that's not really that the natural way
they come it's more of a hybrid type
food and some people don't see that
concerning that the concern in it to me
is your body especially if you're a
person that has like autoimmune
situation in your body that it reads
things as foreign invaders sometimes my
body reacts to that is if I've eaten
like those pixie stick sugar sticks like
a a chemical sugar if I eat seedless
watermelon seedless grapes so I just
make sure to get the other type you know
in their natural form with the seep the
way nature intended them so I wanted to
tell you that about cleaning at your
system and starting your day off fresh
and clean you know see you later
that's kind of catchy
selves and like an intro to a 70s movie
y'all guess what someone wants to take
maybe me on a cruise what would that be
like I'm gonna tell you what it would be
like it would be exciting and here's the
thing you know what's great when you've
been living in low fat raw vegan diet
for a long time and lifestyle you don't
have to think oh well maybe maybe next
year I'll feel like going or maybe next
year off I feel like I look okay in my
bikini that I could like let my skin
come out in the Sun no because you feel
good today and you can just get on board
and and woman and ship off you know
whatever they say but here's the thing
this is a great example I went on a
cruise many years ago many many years
and guess what I ate low-fat raw vegan
the whole cruise the whole time I felt
good I felt like getting up and seeing
if there was like a yoga class going on
or it wasn't like a license to eat it
was a license to breathe a license to
live and I just brought along my same
dang thing I always do you know
I could bring y'all along on the cruise
and you all could see what we would eat
in a day low fat raw vegan on a cruise
how does that sound
should we go it's exciting and the
possibilities are endless for videos on
that do you understand see ya later